[Docs] Desktop Access Value and Log updates (#18655)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/desktop-access/reference/sessions.mdx

a specific point in the stream, rewinding, or restarting playback when the end
of the stream is reached. To replay a session, refresh the page.

## Log rotation

Be aware, Desktop Access session recording comprises of raw PNG-based files,

> and are stored on the host running the Desktop Access service. Session recordings

Reviewer: As mentioned offline, they are not stored on the desktop service long term, and in some cases are not stored on that host at all (sync recording)

I would rephrase this paragraph. Even the title of "Log rotation" is a little confusing because there are so many things in teleport that can be considered a log.

Let's say something like:

> Be aware, Desktop Access session recordings capture the entire contents of the
> screen. This means they take up significantly more disk space than SSH or Kubernetes
> session recordings. When using async recording modes, ensure that the host running
> Teleport's desktop service has sufficient disk space to store recordings that are
> in progress. If disk space is a concern, we recommend using sync recording and
> configuring a cloud storage solution such as S3.

Author: I took your paragraph, but added after the line linking to the config reference.

a specific point in the stream, rewinding, or restarting playback when the end
of the stream is reached. To replay a session, refresh the page.

> ## Storage

Reviewer 2: @zmb3 should we add the results of the size estimate somewhere here?

500 bytes per 64x64 png (gzipped on disk) 
which means 250 kb per full frame change on 1080p

Reviewer: Sure! Might as well!

> ## Log rotation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Storage
```

I recommend changing the title here because "log rotation" sounds like something you have to do manually, and that's not really the case here.

> Be aware, Desktop Access session recordings capture the entire contents of the
> screen. This means they take up significantly more disk space than SSH or Kubernetes
> session recordings. When using async recording modes, ensure that the host running
> Teleport's desktop service has sufficient disk space to store recordings that are
> in progress. If disk space is a concern, we recommend using sync recording and
> configuring a cloud storage solution such as S3.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Be aware, Desktop Access session recordings save PNGs of changing sections of the
screen, which means they take up significantly more disk space than SSH or Kubernetes
session recordings. When using async recording modes, ensure that the host running
Teleport's desktop service has sufficient disk space to store recordings that are
in progress. As a point of reference, when a full 1080p screen is redrawn (for example 
when opening a new full-sized application window), you can expect about 250kb to be
saved to disk. If disk space is a concern, we recommend using sync recording and
configuring a cloud storage solution such as S3.
```

Refer to the `storage` section of the [Teleport Configuration Reference](../../reference/config.mdx)

> for more information on session logging and recoring management.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for more information on session logging and recording management.
```

a specific point in the stream, rewinding, or restarting playback when the end
of the stream is reached. To replay a session, refresh the page.

## Log rotation

> Be aware, Desktop Access session recording comprises of raw PNG-based files.

Reviewer 3: I think we should expand "comprises of" so it's clearer how these PNG-based files will affect your infrastructure/how they travel. Will the PNG-based files be stored uncompressed on the Teleport backend, or are they stored locally to each Desktop Service instance? Is this an issue for Teleport Cloud?

Author: I've updated this section based on internal discussion. Additional documentation on audit and session logs may be coming soon, which we can then link to here.

> Consider the frequency and duration of Desktop Access sessions and rotate logs

Reviewer 3: Does "Consider the frequency and duration of Desktop Access sessions" mean that you might want to limit Desktop Access sessions, or that you should be tracking the length of these sessions so you can size your disk volumes correctly?

Reviewer: As mentioned offline, there's no need to consider manually rotating logs in most deployments.

Author: Removed this sentence.

> apporpirately to avoid filling up filesystems in your infrastructure.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
appropriately to avoid filling up storage devices in your infrastructure.
```

Author: This sentence is gone anyway.
